README.md, before:

### Alex Gaas / Software Engineer
A software engineer with over 20 years of experience in building robust, reliable, scalable and intelligent software solutions.

#### Key skills:
+ strong problem-solving skills
+ self-starter, individual contributor, platform-agnostic engineer
+ ability to create complex systems based on specialized algorithms and data structures

#### Education:
- Master's degree of Computer Science

#### Qualifications (coding and development skills with experience in):
+ object-oriented programming
+ dependency injection
+ creating sufficient unit and integration test specifications and simulations to reflect real system use cases
+ patterns for building concurrent, distributed, and resilient message-driven applications
+ modern cloud solutions - AWS, Azure
+ _Go_ paired with Docker for efficient development
  
_Tags_:
Go, Docker, DI, OOP, AWS, Azure, Redis, Opensearch, s3

#### Cloud-based skills (proficient to/with build services and libraries):
+ services based off AWS Lambda, AWS Elastic Container Service and Kubernetes
+ AWS CDK, Terraform to manage services in the cloud space
+ AWS metrics, alerts, dashboards and Cloudwatch logs to provide efficient observability

_Tags_:
AWS Lambda, Step Functions, Cloudwatch, SQS, SNS, ECS, DynamoDB, ALB, API Gateway, Amazon IAM, Azure EntraID, Terraform, AWS CDK, Kubernates

#### Identity (proficient to/with build services and libraries):
- custom data storage solutions based off Redis, Opensearch and s3 
- private PKI services (with automation of generating, signing and managing of x509 certificate chains)
- identity providers with support of OAuth, OIDC, SAML
- device posture in the private networks
- secure libraries between identity services with TLS/mTLS
- services based off Kerberos authentication

_Tags_:
acm-pca, OpenSSL, TLS / mTLS, Kerberos, PKI, IdP

#### Personal projects and articles:
- Comprehensive notes on how to build effective scalable parallel and distributed aggregation of data (group by) - [agg](https://github.com/alexgaas/agg)
- Tiny but very useful utility Go library to manipulate slices - [slices](https://github.com/alexgaas/slices)
- Framework to manage prometheus metrics for your Go service - [metrics](https://github.com/alexgaas/metrics)
- Bayesian optimization strategy implementations:
  - Hash-based to identify best option for set of compression algorithms - [exploit-explore](https://github.com/alexgaas/explore)
  - Gaussian randomization to evaluate best score for Wu-Manber, Aho-Carasic, Horspool search algorithms - [search3](https://github.com/alexgaas/search3)

Commit message:

Update services list and tags in README
Added DNS and PIV based on Yubikeys to the services list and updated tags.

README.md, after:

### Alex Gaas / Software Engineer
A software engineer with over 20 years of experience in building robust, reliable, scalable and intelligent software solutions.

#### Key skills:
+ strong problem-solving skills
+ self-starter, individual contributor, platform-agnostic engineer
+ ability to create complex systems based on specialized algorithms and data structures

#### Education:
- Master's degree of Computer Science

#### Qualifications (coding and development skills with experience in):
+ object-oriented programming
+ dependency injection
+ creating sufficient unit and integration test specifications and simulations to reflect real system use cases
+ patterns for building concurrent, distributed, and resilient message-driven applications
+ modern cloud solutions - AWS, Azure
+ _Go_ paired with Docker for efficient development
  
_Tags_:
Go, Docker, DI, OOP, AWS, Azure, Redis, Opensearch, s3

#### Cloud-based skills (proficient to/with build services and libraries):
+ services based off AWS Lambda, AWS Elastic Container Service and Kubernetes
+ AWS CDK, Terraform to manage services in the cloud space
+ AWS metrics, alerts, dashboards and Cloudwatch logs to provide efficient observability

_Tags_:
AWS Lambda, Step Functions, Cloudwatch, SQS, SNS, ECS, DynamoDB, ALB, API Gateway, Amazon IAM, Azure EntraID, Terraform, AWS CDK, Kubernates

#### Identity (proficient to/with build services and libraries):
- custom data storage solutions based off Redis, Opensearch and s3 
- private PKI services (with automation of generating, signing and managing of x509 certificate chains)
- identity providers with support of OAuth, OIDC, SAML
- device posture in the private networks
- secure libraries between identity services with TLS/mTLS
- DNS based services
- PIV based off Yubikeys

_Tags_:
acm-pca, OpenSSL, TLS / mTLS, Kerberos, PKI, IdP, Yubikeys

#### Personal projects and articles:
- Rate limiter within bucket quote algorithm as package and example of it's usage with service and basic AWS lambda running on the Docker - [rate_limiter](https://github.com/alexgaas/rate_limiter)
- Comprehensive notes on how to build effective scalable parallel and distributed aggregation of data (group by) - [agg](https://github.com/alexgaas/agg)
- Tiny but very useful utility Go library to manipulate slices - [slices](https://github.com/alexgaas/slices)
- Framework to manage prometheus metrics for your Go service - [metrics](https://github.com/alexgaas/metrics)
- Bayesian optimization strategy implementations:
  - Hash-based to identify best option for set of compression algorithms - [exploit-explore](https://github.com/alexgaas/explore)
  - Gaussian randomization to evaluate best score for Wu-Manber, Aho-Carasic, Horspool search algorithms - [search3](https://github.com/alexgaas/search3)
